fix #44 (#74)
nextleap-project/countermitm: source/new.rst

2. Bob receives the bootstrap code and

>    a) If Bob's device already verified that ``Alice_FP``

Reviewer: I think the term verified is confusing here.
The main use case is a situation
where Bob already received Autocrypt headers from Alice
and now they verify (eventually for the first time).

```suggestion
   a) If Bob's device already knows a key with the fingerprint ``Alice_FP``
      that
```
